My favorite editor is Vim, I was first introduced to this editor in Skeith CSC103 class. I had a hard time trying to get used to it but once you 
understand how it works it's pretty awesome ??. When I first started using this text editor I had a hard time trying to move around the editor. 
I kept on trying to use the mouse to move from one line to the other. I then realized that vim was made to minimize mouse clicks, instead, 
everything has its own command or key to optimize how you code. After a while, I became familiar with moving the cursor while in command mode, 
now I'm able to move around a file without ever touching my mouse. We can move around by using 'j' for down, 'k' to move up, 'L' to move to the left 
and 'H' to move to the right. This was a simple introduction with my first experience with vim. I will be listing 3 reasons why it's my favorite editor.

1. Vim is available in any Linux based system. Its already installed in my mac so there was no problem trying to download it since its already on the
 system. It also supports several programming languages and file formats. I use vim for taking class notes, coding in c++, java, and python.

2. Vim is flexible to your preference, you can modify the .vimrc to add syntax color, tab space,  status bar, show line bar and so on. There are so
 many ways that you can build your .vimrc in order to fit your needs and productivity.

3. Editing in vim is super fast and easy. It doesn't require any use of the mouse to move around the text to move around. For example, if I'm all the 
way in the bottom of the file I can easily move up by being in command mode and pressing 'gg'. I can also move to the bottom of the file by pressing 
'GG'. I can also but a number in front of those commands to specify how far I want to move up or down. Say I want to go to the end of the line I can e
asily press '$' and it takes me to the end. If I want to move to the beginning of line I can press 'b', move the beginning of a word 'w'.  I can also 
change mode by pressing 'a' append which switches me to insert mode. By pressing 'A' puts me at the end of the line and in Insert mode.